📝(content) Cameyo (#614)
chromeos/chromeos.dev: site/en/stories/cameyo.md

---
title: 'How Cameyo seamlessly delivers enterprise applications as PWAs to ChromeOS'
metadesc: Cameyo's Virtual App Delivery (VAD) solution enables IT teams to provide users with applications as advanced web apps.

> date: 2023-04-24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-04-28
```

> This level of integration removes a potential barrier for IT teams that have been considering ChromeOS but were concerned about enabling legacy apps.
> {cite="Mark Bowker, Senior Analyst at Enterprise Strategy Group"}

Because advanced web apps integrate deeply with ChromeOS, they blur the line between virtualized and installed experiences. Leveraging the [File System Access API](https://web.dev/file-system-access/), Cameyo replaces classic Windows file **Open** and **Save** dialogs with ones that open the ChromeOS file picker, letting users work directly on local files. They also integrate with the [Google Drive API](https://developers.google.com/drive) on the backend OS to redirect legacy apps' input and output directly to the company's or user's Google Drive, letting apps use files stored in Drive without needing to be modified to support it.

> ![A video showing Cameyo's File Picker UI, from the integration with Native File System API. The video shows a user's cursor opening a local file on their device.](insert_image_url_here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A video showing Cameyo's File Picker UI, from the integration with Native File System API. The video shows a user's cursor opening a local file on their device.](ix://stories/cameyo/picker.gif)
```
